hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_MovieApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_MovieApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/MovieDetailsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsViewModel_HiltModule
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/MovieDetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsFragmentArgs
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showdetails/Hilt_ShowDetailsFragment.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.Hilt_ShowDetailsFragment
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/database/MovieDao_Impl.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.database.MovieDao_Impl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.database.MovieDao_Impl$1
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.database.MovieDao_Impl$2
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/movielist/MovieListFragmentDirections.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListFragmentDirections
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListFragmentDirections$1
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListFragmentDirections$ActionNavigationMovieListToDetailsFragment
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/GridItemMovieBindingImpl.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.GridItemMovieBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showdetails/ShowDetailsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsViewModel_HiltModule
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/movielist/MovieListViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListViewModel_HiltModule
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/MovieDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_moviedetails_MovieDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_moviedetails_MovieDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/domains/network/NetworkMovieMapper_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.domains.network.NetworkMovieMapper_Factory
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.domains.network.NetworkMovieMapper_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/GridItemShowBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.GridItemShowBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/repository/MainRepository_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.repository.MainRepository_Factory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/movielist/Hilt_MovieListFragment.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.Hilt_MovieListFragment
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/di/AppModule_ProvideMovieDbApiFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.di.AppModule_ProvideMovieDbApiFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_movielist_MovieListFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_movielist_MovieListFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showdetails_ShowDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showdetails_ShowDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/FragmentDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.FragmentDetailsBindingImpl
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/movielist/MovieListViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/paging/TvShowPagingSource_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.paging.TvShowPagingSource_Factory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/GridItemMovieBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.GridItemMovieBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/FragmentShowListBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.FragmentShowListBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/database/MoviesDatabase_Impl.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.database.MoviesDatabase_Impl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.database.MoviesDatabase_Impl$1
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/GridItemShowBindingImpl.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.GridItemShowBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_movielist_MovieListViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_movielist_MovieListViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showdetails_ShowDetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showdetails_ShowDetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/domains/network/NetworkTvShowMapper_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.domains.network.NetworkTvShowMapper_Factory
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.domains.network.NetworkTvShowMapper_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/FragmentShowDetailsBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.FragmentShowDetailsBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/di/AppModule_ProvideMoshiFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.di.AppModule_ProvideMoshiFactory
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.di.AppModule_ProvideMoshiFactory$InstanceHolder
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/movielist/MovieListViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/MovieDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.Hilt_MainActivity
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/paging/MoviePagingSource_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.paging.MoviePagingSource_Factory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/MovieDetailsFragmentDirections.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsFragmentDirections
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showdetails/ShowDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showdetails/ShowDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/MovieDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.MovieDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/FragmentMovieListBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.FragmentMovieListBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/MovieLoadstateFooterBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.MovieLoadstateFooterBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/BR.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.BR
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/BuildConfig.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.BuildConfig
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/movielist/MovieListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.movielist.MovieListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showdetails/ShowDetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsFragmentArgs
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_di_AppModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_di_AppModuleModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showdetails/ShowDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showdetails.ShowDetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_moviedetails_MovieDetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_moviedetails_MovieDetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/databinding/FragmentDetailsBinding.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.databinding.FragmentDetailsBinding
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/moviedetails/Hilt_MovieDetailsFragment.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.moviedetails.Hilt_MovieDetailsFragment
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/MovieApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showslist/Hilt_TvShowsFragment.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.Hilt_TvShowsFragment
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showslist/TvShowsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showslist/TvShowsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showslist/TvShowsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/MovieApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ApplicationC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.MovieApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showslist_TvShowsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showslist_TvShowsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showslist_TvShowsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_kelvinwachiye_kotlin_moviedb_ui_showslist_TvShowsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$1
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$Builder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCImpl
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.DaggerMovieApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$SwitchingProvider
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showslist/TvShowsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsViewModel_HiltModule
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/Hilt_MovieApplication.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.Hilt_MovieApplication
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.Hilt_MovieApplication$1
com/kelvinwachiye/kotlin/moviedb/ui/showslist/TvShowsFragmentDirections.java
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsFragmentDirections
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsFragmentDirections$1
 com.kelvinwachiye.kotlin.moviedb.ui.showslist.TvShowsFragmentDirections$ActionNavigationTvShowFragmentToShowDetailsFragment
